docs: Use shared ecs-logging content (#122)
elastic/ecs-dotnet: docs/intro.asciidoc

[[intro]]
== Introduction

> ECS loggers are formatter/encoder plugins for your favorite logging libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECS logging are integrations for your favorite .NET logging libraries.
```

Each logging library has its own named components e.g. formatters, layouts, etc. Maybe "integrations" is more agnostic?
